Note that non-zero letter-spacing disables optional ligatures (#44272)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/letter-spacing/index.md

    Percentage values are calculated relative to the width of the space character of the font applied to the text.

>     > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    Percentage values are calculated relative to the width of the space character of the font applied to the text.

    > [!NOTE]

>     > When `letter-spacing` is non-zero, user agents do not apply optional ligatures (such as the `liga` and `clig` OpenType features controlled by {{cssxref("font-variant-ligatures")}}). See the [CSS Text](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-text-3/#letter-spacing-property) specification.

Reviewer: FYI, we don't link to the specifications in text unless we have to and it adds specific value  (we link in the specifications section more broadly). In this case I don't think it is  needed.

In addition, this misses that you can enable ligatures again with `font-feature-settings`. So should be something like this:

```suggestion
    > [!NOTE]
    > When `letter-spacing` is non-zero, user agents do not apply optional ligatures, such as the `liga` (standard ligatures) and `clig` (contextual ligatures) OpenType features normally controlled by {{cssxref("font-variant-ligatures")}}.
    > These features can be explicitly re-enabled with {{cssxref("font-feature-settings")}}.
```
